**DESCRIPTION**

The Echo Game Capturer saves data from an EchoVR arena game through the public API into a .json replay file.
The Echo Game Viewer reads the .json file generated by the Echo Game Capturer and presents the game in a 3D replaying software.

**INSTALLATION**

Capturer

<ol>
  <li> Download the Game-Capturer.zip in builds/ to your computer and unzip to a folder. </li>
  <li> Edit file path and file name as well as execution arguments. Click start and stop capture to start and stop capture respectively </li>
</ol>

Viewer

<ol>
  <li> Download the latest ReplayViewer.zip from Releases to your computer and unzip to a folder. </li>
  <li> Load a replay file generated from the Echo Game Capturer. </li>
</ol>

**USAGE**

File Association:

File association is supported with the replay viewer, to make it easier for you to switch between files, you can associate .echoreplay files with ReplayViewer.exe by double clicking a .echoreplay file. When Windows brings up the "How do you want to .echoreplay files from now on?" window, click "more apps", scroll down and select "look for another app on this pc". Navigate to where you unzipped the application, and select "ReplayViewer.exe". Once you have done this, you can open replay files just by opening a file directly from file explorer.

If you do not do this, you will have to copy the entire file location and file name of the file you want to view, and paste it into the field after launching the app (this will be improved in later versions).

Controls:

* *WASD* - camera movement
* *Q/E* - descend/Ascend
* *Shift* - camera speed boost
* *Mouse Wheel* - adjust camera movement speed 


XBOX Controller Controls:

* *Left Stick* - camera forward/back movement
* *Right Stick* - camera pitch/yaw
* *Left Bumper/Right Bumper* - descend/ascend
* *A Button* - Play/Pause, resets back to 1x play if rewinding/fast forwarding
* *B Button* - Clear drawings on screen
* *Y Button* - Show last score details
* *Select/Left Action Button* - Enable/disable goal animations (default is enabled)
* *DPad Left* - Rewind (1x - 10x)
* *DPad Right* - Fast forward (1x - 10x)
* *Left Trigger* - Quick Scrub/Slow-Mo backwards, analog controlled on the trigger to adjust speed (less trigger pull = slower, full pull = 1.5x). Will revert to playing if replay was playing before trigger was used, can toggle whether to play or pause while scrubbing/slow-mo playing with *A*
* *Right Trigger* - Quick Scrub/Slow-Mo forwards, analog controlled on the trigger to adjust speed (less trigger pull = slower, full pull = 1.5x). Will revert to playing if replay was playing before trigger was used, can toggle whether to play or pause while scrubbing/slow-mo playing with *A*

**NOTES**

Current Versions:
Capturer - 2
Viewer - 1.3

Some files intentionally omitted from viewer source for space concerns.


**QUESTIONS**

If you have questions, DM **sneakyevil#1967** on discord.
